.TH "hub-pull-request" "1" "05 Mar 2020" "hub version 2.14.2" "hub manual"
.nh
.ad l
.SH "NAME"
hub\-pull\-request \- Create a GitHub Pull Request.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.P
\fB\fChub pull\-request\fR [\-focpd] [\-b \fIBASE\fP] [\-h \fIHEAD\fP] [\-r \fIREVIEWERS\fP ] [\-a \fIASSIGNEES\fP] [\-M \fIMILESTONE\fP] [\-l \fILABELS\fP]
.br
\fB\fChub pull\-request\fR \-m \fIMESSAGE\fP [\-\-edit]
.br
\fB\fChub pull\-request\fR \-F \fIFILE\fP [\-\-edit]
.br
\fB\fChub pull\-request\fR \-i \fIISSUE\fP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.PP
\-f, \-\-force
.RS 4
Skip the check for unpushed commits.
.RE
.PP
\-m, \-\-message \fIMESSAGE\fP
.RS 4
The text up to the first blank line in \fIMESSAGE\fP is treated as the pull
request title, and the rest is used as pull request description in Markdown
format.
.sp
When multiple \fB\fC\-\-message\fR are passed, their values are concatenated with a
blank line in\-between.
.sp
When neither \fB\fC\-\-message\fR nor \fB\fC\-\-file\fR were supplied, a text editor will open
to author the title and description in.
.RE
.PP
\-\-no\-edit
.RS 4
Use the message from the first commit on the branch as pull request title
and description without opening a text editor.
.RE
.PP
\-F, \-\-file \fIFILE\fP
.RS 4
Read the pull request title and description from \fIFILE\fP. Pass "\-" to read
from standard input instead. See \fB\fC\-\-message\fR for the formatting rules.
.RE
.PP
\-e, \-\-edit
.RS 4
Open the pull request title and description in a text editor before
submitting. This can be used in combination with \fB\fC\-\-message\fR or \fB\fC\-\-file\fR.
.RE
.PP
\-i, \-\-issue \fIISSUE\fP
.RS 4
Convert \fIISSUE\fP (referenced by its number) to a pull request.
.sp
You can only convert issues authored by you or that which you have admin
rights over. In most workflows it is not necessary to convert issues to
pull requests; you can simply reference the original issue in the body of
the new pull request.
.RE
.PP
\-o, \-\-browse
.RS 4
Open the new pull request in a web browser.
.RE
.PP
\-c, \-\-copy
.RS 4
Put the URL of the new pull request to clipboard instead of printing it.
.RE
.PP
\-p, \-\-push
.RS 4
Push the current branch to \fIHEAD\fP before creating the pull request.
.RE
.PP
\-b, \-\-base \fIBASE\fP
.RS 4
The base branch in the "[\fIOWNER\fP:]\fIBRANCH\fP" format. Defaults to the default
branch of the upstream repository (usually "master").
.sp
See the "CONVENTIONS" section of hub(1) for more information on how hub
selects the defaults in case of multiple git remotes.
.RE
.PP
\-h, \-\-head \fIHEAD\fP
.RS 4
The head branch in "[\fIOWNER\fP:]\fIBRANCH\fP" format. Defaults to the currently
checked out branch.
.RE
.PP
\-r, \-\-reviewer \fIUSERS\fP
.RS 4
A comma\-separated list (no spaces around the comma) of GitHub handles to
request a review from.
.RE
.PP
\-a, \-\-assign \fIUSERS\fP
.RS 4
A comma\-separated list (no spaces around the comma) of GitHub handles to
assign to this pull request.
.RE
.PP
\-M, \-\-milestone \fINAME\fP
.RS 4
The milestone name to add to this pull request. Passing the milestone number
is deprecated.
.RE
.PP
\-l, \-\-labels \fILABELS\fP
.RS 4
A comma\-separated list (no spaces around the comma) of labels to add to
this pull request. Labels will be created if they do not already exist.
.RE
.PP
\-d, \-\-draft
.RS 4
Create the pull request as a draft.
.RE
.PP
\-\-no\-maintainer\-edits
.RS 4
When creating a pull request from a fork, this disallows projects
maintainers from being able to push to the head branch of this fork.
Maintainer edits are allowed by default.
.RE
.br
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.PP
.RS 4
.nf
$ hub pull\-request
[ opens a text editor for writing title and message ]
[ creates a pull request for the current branch ]

$ hub pull\-request \-\-base OWNER:master \-\-head MYUSER:my\-branch
[ creates a pull request with explicit base and head branches ]

$ hub pull\-request \-\-browse \-m "My title"
[ creates a pull request with the given title and opens it in a browser ]

$ hub pull\-request \-F \- \-\-edit < path/to/message\-template.md
[ further edit the title and message received on standard input ]
.fi
.RE
.SH "CONFIGURATION"
.PP
\fB\fCHUB\_RETRY\_TIMEOUT\fR
.RS 4
The maximum time to keep retrying after HTTP 422 on \fB\fC\-\-push\fR (default: 9).
.RE
.br
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.P
hub(1), hub\-merge(1), hub\-checkout(1)

