.TH "hub-pr" "1" "05 Mar 2020" "hub version 2.14.2" "hub manual"
.nh
.ad l
.SH "NAME"
hub\-pr \- Manage GitHub Pull Requests for the current repository.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.P
\fB\fChub pr\fR list [\-s \fISTATE\fP] [\-h \fIHEAD\fP] [\-b \fIBASE\fP] [\-o \fISORT\_KEY\fP [\fB\fC\-^\fR]] [\-f \fIFORMAT\fP] [\-L \fILIMIT\fP]
.br
\fB\fChub pr\fR checkout \fIPR\-NUMBER\fP [\fIBRANCH\fP]
.br
\fB\fChub pr\fR show [\-uc] [\-f \fIFORMAT\fP] [\-h \fIHEAD\fP]
.br
\fB\fChub pr\fR show [\-uc] [\-f \fIFORMAT\fP] \fIPR\-NUMBER\fP
.SH "COMMANDS"
.PP
\fIlist\fP
.RS 4
List pull requests in the current repository.
.RE
.PP
\fIcheckout\fP
.RS 4
Check out the head of a pull request in a new branch.
.sp
To update the pull request with new commits, use \fB\fCgit push\fR.
.RE
.PP
\fIshow\fP
.RS 4
Open a pull request page in a web browser. When no \fIPR\-NUMBER\fP is
specified, \fIHEAD\fP is used to look up open pull requests and defaults to
the current branch name. With \fB\fC\-\-format\fR, print information about the
pull request instead of opening it.
.RE
.br
.SH "OPTIONS"
.PP
\-s, \-\-state \fISTATE\fP
.RS 4
Filter pull requests by \fISTATE\fP. Supported values are: "open" (default),
"closed", "merged", or "all".
.RE
.PP
\-h, \-\-head \fIBRANCH\fP
.RS 4
Show pull requests started from the specified head \fIBRANCH\fP. The
"OWNER:BRANCH" format must be used for pull requests from forks.
.RE
.PP
\-b, \-\-base \fIBRANCH\fP
.RS 4
Show pull requests based off the specified \fIBRANCH\fP.
.RE
.PP
\-f, \-\-format \fIFORMAT\fP
.RS 4
Pretty print the list of pull requests using format \fIFORMAT\fP (default:
"%pC%>(8)%i%Creset  %t%  l%n"). See the "PRETTY FORMATS" section of
git\-log(1) for some additional details on how placeholders are used in
format. The available placeholders are:
.sp
%I: pull request number
.sp
%i: pull request number prefixed with "#"
.sp
%U: the URL of this pull request
.sp
%S: state ("open" or "closed")
.sp
%pS: pull request state ("open", "draft", "merged", or "closed")
.sp
%sC: set color to red or green, depending on state
.sp
%pC: set color according to pull request state
.sp
%t: title
.sp
%l: colored labels
.sp
%L: raw, comma\-separated labels
.sp
%b: body
.sp
%B: base branch
.sp
%sB: base commit SHA
.sp
%H: head branch
.sp
%sH: head commit SHA
.sp
%sm: merge commit SHA
.sp
%au: login name of author
.sp
%as: comma\-separated list of assignees
.sp
%rs: comma\-separated list of requested reviewers
.sp
%Mn: milestone number
.sp
%Mt: milestone title
.sp
%cD: created date\-only (no time of day)
.sp
%cr: created date, relative
.sp
%ct: created date, UNIX timestamp
.sp
%cI: created date, ISO 8601 format
.sp
%uD: updated date\-only (no time of day)
.sp
%ur: updated date, relative
.sp
%ut: updated date, UNIX timestamp
.sp
%uI: updated date, ISO 8601 format
.sp
%mD: merged date\-only (no time of day)
.sp
%mr: merged date, relative
.sp
%mt: merged date, UNIX timestamp
.sp
%mI: merged date, ISO 8601 format
.sp
%n: newline
.sp
%%: a literal %
.RE
.PP
\-\-color[=\fIWHEN\fP]
.RS 4
Enable colored output even if stdout is not a terminal. \fIWHEN\fP can be one
of "always" (default for \fB\fC\-\-color\fR), "never", or "auto" (default).
.RE
.PP
\-o, \-\-sort \fIKEY\fP
.RS 4
Sort displayed pull requests by "created" (default), "updated", "popularity", or "long\-running".
.RE
.PP
\-^, \-\-sort\-ascending
.RS 4
Sort by ascending dates instead of descending.
.RE
.PP
\-L, \-\-limit \fILIMIT\fP
.RS 4
Display only the first \fILIMIT\fP pull requests.
.RE
.PP
\-u, \-\-url
.RS 4
Print the pull request URL instead of opening it.
.RE
.PP
\-c, \-\-copy
.RS 4
Put the pull request URL to clipboard instead of opening it.
.RE
.br
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.P
hub\-issue(1), hub\-pull\-request(1), hub(1)

