.TH "hub-issue" "1" "05 Mar 2020" "hub version 2.14.2" "hub manual"
.nh
.ad l
.SH "NAME"
hub\-issue \- Manage GitHub Issues for the current repository.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.P
\fB\fChub issue\fR [\-a \fIASSIGNEE\fP] [\-c \fICREATOR\fP] [\-@ \fIUSER\fP] [\-s \fISTATE\fP] [\-f \fIFORMAT\fP] [\-M \fIMILESTONE\fP] [\-l \fILABELS\fP] [\-d \fIDATE\fP] [\-o \fISORT\_KEY\fP [\fB\fC\-^\fR]] [\-L \fILIMIT\fP]
.br
\fB\fChub issue\fR show [\-f \fIFORMAT\fP] \fINUMBER\fP
.br
\fB\fChub issue\fR create [\-oc] [\-m \fIMESSAGE\fP|\-F \fIFILE\fP] [\-\-edit] [\-a \fIUSERS\fP] [\-M \fIMILESTONE\fP] [\-l \fILABELS\fP]
.br
\fB\fChub issue\fR update \fINUMBER\fP [\-m \fIMESSAGE\fP|\-F \fIFILE\fP] [\-\-edit] [\-a \fIUSERS\fP] [\-M \fIMILESTONE\fP] [\-l \fILABELS\fP] [\-s \fISTATE\fP]
.br
\fB\fChub issue\fR labels [\-\-color]
.br
\fB\fChub issue\fR transfer \fINUMBER\fP \fIREPO\fP
.SH "COMMANDS"
.P
With no arguments, show a list of open issues.
.PP
\fIshow\fP
.RS 4
Show an existing issue specified by \fINUMBER\fP.
.RE
.PP
\fIcreate\fP
.RS 4
Open an issue in the current repository.
.RE
.PP
\fIupdate\fP
.RS 4
Update fields of an existing issue specified by \fINUMBER\fP. Use \fB\fC\-\-edit\fR
to edit the title and message interactively in the text editor.
.RE
.PP
\fIlabels\fP
.RS 4
List the labels available in this repository.
.RE
.PP
\fItransfer\fP
.RS 4
Transfer an issue to another repository.
.RE
.br
.SH "OPTIONS"
.PP
\-a, \-\-assignee \fIASSIGNEE\fP
.RS 4
In list mode, display only issues assigned to \fIASSIGNEE\fP.
.RE
.PP
\-a, \-\-assign \fIUSERS\fP
.RS 4
A comma\-separated list of GitHub handles to assign to the created issue.
.RE
.PP
\-c, \-\-creator \fICREATOR\fP
.RS 4
Display only issues created by \fICREATOR\fP.
.RE
.PP
\-@, \-\-mentioned \fIUSER\fP
.RS 4
Display only issues mentioning \fIUSER\fP.
.RE
.PP
\-s, \-\-state \fISTATE\fP
.RS 4
Display issues with state \fISTATE\fP (default: "open").
.RE
.PP
\-f, \-\-format \fIFORMAT\fP
.RS 4
Pretty print the contents of the issues using format \fIFORMAT\fP (default:
"%sC%>(8)%i%Creset  %t%  l%n"). See the "PRETTY FORMATS" section of
git\-log(1) for some additional details on how placeholders are used in
format. The available placeholders for issues are:
.sp
%I: issue number
.sp
%i: issue number prefixed with "#"
.sp
%U: the URL of this issue
.sp
%S: state (i.e. "open", "closed")
.sp
%sC: set color to red or green, depending on issue state.
.sp
%t: title
.sp
%l: colored labels
.sp
%L: raw, comma\-separated labels
.sp
%b: body
.sp
%au: login name of author
.sp
%as: comma\-separated list of assignees
.sp
%Mn: milestone number
.sp
%Mt: milestone title
.sp
%NC: number of comments
.sp
%Nc: number of comments wrapped in parentheses, or blank string if zero.
.sp
%cD: created date\-only (no time of day)
.sp
%cr: created date, relative
.sp
%ct: created date, UNIX timestamp
.sp
%cI: created date, ISO 8601 format
.sp
%uD: updated date\-only (no time of day)
.sp
%ur: updated date, relative
.sp
%ut: updated date, UNIX timestamp
.sp
%uI: updated date, ISO 8601 format
.sp
%n: newline
.sp
%%: a literal %
.RE
.PP
\-\-color[=\fIWHEN\fP]
.RS 4
Enable colored output even if stdout is not a terminal. \fIWHEN\fP can be one
of "always" (default for \fB\fC\-\-color\fR), "never", or "auto" (default).
.RE
.PP
\-m, \-\-message \fIMESSAGE\fP
.RS 4
The text up to the first blank line in \fIMESSAGE\fP is treated as the issue
title, and the rest is used as issue description in Markdown format.
.sp
When multiple \fB\fC\-\-message\fR are passed, their values are concatenated with a
blank line in\-between.
.sp
When neither \fB\fC\-\-message\fR nor \fB\fC\-\-file\fR were supplied to \fB\fCissue create\fR, a
text editor will open to author the title and description in.
.RE
.PP
\-F, \-\-file \fIFILE\fP
.RS 4
Read the issue title and description from \fIFILE\fP. Pass "\-" to read from
standard input instead. See \fB\fC\-\-message\fR for the formatting rules.
.RE
.PP
\-e, \-\-edit
.RS 4
Open the issue title and description in a text editor before submitting.
This can be used in combination with \fB\fC\-\-message\fR or \fB\fC\-\-file\fR.
.RE
.PP
\-o, \-\-browse
.RS 4
Open the new issue in a web browser.
.RE
.PP
\-c, \-\-copy
.RS 4
Put the URL of the new issue to clipboard instead of printing it.
.RE
.PP
\-M, \-\-milestone \fINAME\fP
.RS 4
Display only issues for a GitHub milestone with the name \fINAME\fP.
.sp
When opening an issue, add this issue to a GitHub milestone with the name \fINAME\fP.
Passing the milestone number is deprecated.
.RE
.PP
\-l, \-\-labels \fILABELS\fP
.RS 4
Display only issues with certain labels.
.sp
When opening an issue, add a comma\-separated list of labels to this issue.
.RE
.PP
\-d, \-\-since \fIDATE\fP
.RS 4
Display only issues updated on or after \fIDATE\fP in ISO 8601 format.
.RE
.PP
\-o, \-\-sort \fIKEY\fP
.RS 4
Sort displayed issues by "created" (default), "updated" or "comments".
.RE
.PP
\-^ \-\-sort\-ascending
.RS 4
Sort by ascending dates instead of descending.
.RE
.PP
\-L, \-\-limit \fILIMIT\fP
.RS 4
Display only the first \fILIMIT\fP issues.
.RE
.PP
\-\-include\-pulls
.RS 4
Include pull requests as well as issues.
.RE
.PP
\-\-color
.RS 4
Enable colored output for labels list.
.RE
.br
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.P
hub\-pr(1), hub(1)

